hello YouTube this is a to cool soup
back through my winter videos so New
York City this again its first major
winter storm again a blizzard or just
election and um sorry a tents outside
right now the wind is picking up a lot
of snow
about two or three inches on the ground
already it starts snowing this morning
about like 10:30 leathers back in
kitchen hail just crazy out it feels
like 30 to 40 degrees I was just watched
it because of the would show what chill
is well what the wind blows it big cold
out to have a new forecast you chewing
so suppose to get like about 50 inches
stove instead of the teachers zone it's
gonna be crazy it's gonna snow till spa
after do doubly today Sunday December 46
so in tune with their authorities that's
this weekend let me failure go a
blizzard warning and a flood watch has
been issued for our area by the National
Weather Service as you see Jeff Walker's
out the temperature is 27 degrees with
snow so snowing wind chills 14 26 miles
per hour the wind I machine should be
right now my dad's place business his
house
coreos airspace from here marita the
wider the wider the the color gets
heavier to snow as you there's the key
up there and I would be right
that's the Kody out there green is rain
will not see us too cold
let's cities can still buy still there
Betty about top of the states with state
emergency for the snow blizzard so New
York City of all got it has a blizzard
water parts of the Jersey has with the
store boarded Eppley today
blizzard conditions high 32 winds north
and 25 to 35 miles per hour 5 to 8
inches of snow expected winds could
occasionally they've set four to six to
four down sparked a for tonight blizzard
conditions low 26
winds north northwest at 25 to 35 miles
per hour six to ten inches of snow
expected winds could occasionally gust
over 40 miles for every nut skirt on
Monday windy with morning snow high 28
winds could occasionally gust over 40
miles per hour our 7-day outlook
I used to say of winter storm I'm sorry
I'm heavy stone after the blizzard so
something on our way
alright so I'm gonna be posted updates
every hour to hour and a half just stay
tuned getting the East Coast a blizzard
warning is in effect from New York City
and Boston a live team coverage of the
winter weather winds Bert so these wanna
see some more before this go to utter
ciaochao 62 a cable auto what are the
other services tri-state suit updates
over every hour to an hour to half